[DOCS] Release notes 9.0.1 and 9.0.2 (#2663)
elastic/elasticsearch-ruby: CHANGELOG.md

**See the full release notes on the official documentation website: https://www.elastic.co/docs/release-notes/elasticsearch/clients/ruby**

# 9.0.1

- The request headers were updated for Elasticsearch v9: `compatible-with=9` [#2660](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-ruby/pull/2660).

# 9.0.0

> Ruby 3.2 and up are tested and supported for 9.0. Older versions of Ruby have reached their end of life. We follow Ruby’s own maintenance policy and officially support all currently maintained versions per [Ruby Maintenance Branches](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/). The required Ruby version is set to `2.6` to keep compatiblity wit JRuby 9.3. However, we only test the code against currently supported Ruby versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ruby 3.2 and up are tested and supported for 9.0. Older versions of Ruby have reached their end of life. We follow Ruby’s own maintenance policy and officially support all currently maintained versions per [Ruby Maintenance Branches](https://www.ruby-lang.org/en/downloads/branches/). The required Ruby version is set to `2.6` to keep compatibility with JRuby 9.3. However, we only test the code against currently supported Ruby versions.
```

  * The `rollup` namespace was removed. The rollup feature was never GA-ed, it has been deprecated since `8.11.0` in favor of downsampling.
  * The `data_frame_deprecated`, `remote` namespace files have been removed, no APIs were available.
  * The `shutdown` namespace was removed. It is designed for indirect use by ECE/ESS and ECK. Direct use is not supported.

## Scroll APIs need to send scroll_id in request body

Sending the `scroll_id` as a parameter has been deprecated since version 7.0.0. It needs to be specified in the request body for `clear_scroll` and `scroll`.

**Impact**<br>

Client code using `clear_scroll` or `scroll` APIs and the deprecated `scroll_id` as a parameter needs to be updated.

**Action**<br>

If you are using the `clear_scroll` or `scroll` APIs, and sending the `scroll_id` as a parameter, you need to update your code to send the `scroll_id` as part of the request body:
```ruby
# Before:
client.clear_scroll(scroll_id: scroll_id)
# Now:
client.clear_scroll(body: { scroll_id: scroll_id })

# Before:
client.scroll(scroll_id: scroll_id)
# Now:
client.scroll(body: { scroll_id: scroll_id })
```

## Testing

> The gem `elasticsearch-api` migrated away from the Elasticsearch REST API tests and test runner in CI. We now run the [Elasticsearch Client tests](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-clients-tests/) with the [Elasticsearch Tests Runner](https://github.com/elastic/es-test-runner-ruby). This gives us more control on what we're testing and makes the Buildkite build way faster in Pull Requests and scheduled builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The gem `elasticsearch-api` migrated away from the Elasticsearch REST API tests and test runner in CI. We now run the [Elasticsearch Client tests](https://github.com/elastic/elasticsearch-clients-tests/) with the [Elasticsearch Tests Runner](https://github.com/elastic/es-test-runner-ruby). This gives us more control on what we're testing and makes the Buildkite build faster in pull requests and scheduled builds.
```

Reviewer: optional changes, just to match Elastic style
